Clarify macro rules (#11843)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Rules/en.md

## Community rules

1. **Each player may only have *ONE* account, ever.** The *first* account you make during account registration is your one and only osu! account, from the moment of its creation and forevermore. This account is YOU. It is not anyone else — not your brother, your mother, your sister, your friend — it is YOU. Don't share your account with anyone else. You don't get to make a new one if you lose access to it. Keep it safe.

> 2. **Play fair.** Using third-party utilities of any kind to get any sort of advantage is not okay. This includes things like macro programs, aim-assist programs, timescale modification, and so on. Macros, keybinds, or hardware where a physical action (e.g. pressing a key down) does not correspond to the same in-game action are similarly disallowed[^macros]. If a program is doing something to help you play the game that you should be doing yourself, it isn't okay!

Reviewer: https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting#footnotes

```suggestion
2. **Play fair.** Using third-party utilities of any kind to get any sort of advantage is not okay. This includes things like macro programs, aim-assist programs, timescale modification, and so on. Macros, keybinds, or hardware where a physical action (e.g. pressing a key down) does not correspond to the same in-game action are similarly disallowed.[^macros] If a program is doing something to help you play the game that you should be doing yourself, it isn't okay!
```

> 2. **Play fair.** Using third-party utilities of any kind to get any sort of advantage is not okay. This includes things like macro programs, aim-assist programs, timescale modification, and so on. Macros, keybinds, or hardware where a physical action (e.g. pressing a key down) does not correspond to the same in-game action are similarly disallowed.[^macros] If a program is doing something to help you play the game that you should be doing yourself, it isn't okay!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Play fair.** Using third-party utilities of any kind to get any sort of advantage is not okay. This includes things like aim-assist programs, timescale modifications, and so on. Macros, keybinds, or hardware where a physical action (e.g. pressing a key down) does not correspond to the same in-game action are similarly disallowed.[^macros] If a program is doing something to help you play the game that you should be doing yourself, it isn't okay!
```
I think it's now unnecessary to say macro programs there because you say it again next sentence in a way that sounds like you're adding to the list, not reiterating

Author: yup good point

Restricted accounts cannot play online, set scores, chat with other users and are for all intents and purposes "banned" from interaction with the community. Restriction for community rule violation can only be removed upon appeal to the support staff after 3 months have passed ([more conditions may apply](/wiki/Help_centre/Account_restrictions#reasons)).

Severe offences that go well beyond the scope of our rules and into the jurisdiction of illegal content as per international common law will result in immediate account termination. This applies nearly exclusively to extremely graphic or otherwise abhorrent offences, such as the distribution of child pornography or other material of abuse.

## Notes

> [^macros]: Rebinding multiple keys to K1 or K2 is allowed, as long as a physical key down on any key corresponds to an in-game key down and a physical key up on any key corresponds to an in-game key up. However, rebinding a key down to a key up or vice-versa on any key is not allowed.

Reviewer: almost thought the "and" didn't start another clause before i read the whole sentence

```suggestion
[^macros]: Rebinding multiple keys to K1 or K2 is allowed, as long as a physical key down on any key corresponds to an in-game key down, and a physical key up on any key corresponds to an in-game key up. However, rebinding a key down to a key up or vice-versa on any key is not allowed.
```

> [^macros]: Rebinding multiple keys to K1 or K2 is allowed, as long as a physical key down on any key corresponds to an in-game key down, and a physical key up on any key corresponds to an in-game key up. However, rebinding a key down to a key up or vice-versa on any key is not allowed.

Reviewer 3: This reads wrong now.

```suggestion
[^macros]: Rebinding keys to K1 or K2 is allowed, as long as key-down on a specific key performs key-down on a specified game key, and key-up on the same key performs key-up on the same game key. Binding a key-down to a key-up, or having one key perform more than one action is not allow.
```

Author: I've committed a slight variation on this, feel free to adjust if you still dislike. (and I'll defer to @Walavouchey for "key-down" vs " key down", but we should be consistent regardless of which we use.)

> [^macros]: Rebinding keys to K1 or K2 is allowed, as long as key-down on a specific key performs key-down on the bound game key, and key-up on the same key performs key-up on the bound game key. Binding a key-down to a key-up, or having one key perform more than one key-down / key-up pair is not allowed.

Reviewer: this is very rarely hyphenated. it's either "keydown" in docs or "key down" (event)

```suggestion
[^macros]: Rebinding keys to K1 or K2 is allowed, as long as pressing on a specific key performs a press on the bound game key, and releasing the same key performs a release the bound game key. Binding a press to a release, or having one key perform more than one press/release pair is not allowed.
```
